{
		"cli": "autograder.cli.users.list",
		"arguments": [
				"--user", "server-admin@test.edulinq.org",
				"--pass", "server-admin",
				"--table",
                "--normalize"
		]
}
---
email	name	role	course-id	course-name	course-role
course-admin@test.edulinq.org	course-admin	user	course-languages	Course Using Different Languages.	admin
course-admin@test.edulinq.org	course-admin	user	course-with-lms	Course With LMS	admin
course-admin@test.edulinq.org	course-admin	user	course-without-source	Course Without Source	admin
course-admin@test.edulinq.org	course-admin	user	course101	Course 101	admin
course-admin@test.edulinq.org	course-admin	user	course101-with-zero-limit	Course 101 - With Zero Limit	admin
course-grader@test.edulinq.org	course-grader	user	course-languages	Course Using Different Languages.	grader
course-grader@test.edulinq.org	course-grader	user	course-with-lms	Course With LMS	grader
course-grader@test.edulinq.org	course-grader	user	course-without-source	Course Without Source	grader
course-grader@test.edulinq.org	course-grader	user	course101	Course 101	grader
course-grader@test.edulinq.org	course-grader	user	course101-with-zero-limit	Course 101 - With Zero Limit	grader
course-other@test.edulinq.org	course-other	user	course-languages	Course Using Different Languages.	other
course-other@test.edulinq.org	course-other	user	course-with-lms	Course With LMS	other
course-other@test.edulinq.org	course-other	user	course-without-source	Course Without Source	other
course-other@test.edulinq.org	course-other	user	course101	Course 101	other
course-other@test.edulinq.org	course-other	user	course101-with-zero-limit	Course 101 - With Zero Limit	other
course-owner@test.edulinq.org	course-owner	user	course-languages	Course Using Different Languages.	owner
course-owner@test.edulinq.org	course-owner	user	course-with-lms	Course With LMS	owner
course-owner@test.edulinq.org	course-owner	user	course-without-source	Course Without Source	owner
course-owner@test.edulinq.org	course-owner	user	course101	Course 101	owner
course-owner@test.edulinq.org	course-owner	user	course101-with-zero-limit	Course 101 - With Zero Limit	owner
course-student@test.edulinq.org	course-student	user	course-languages	Course Using Different Languages.	student
course-student@test.edulinq.org	course-student	user	course-with-lms	Course With LMS	student
course-student@test.edulinq.org	course-student	user	course-without-source	Course Without Source	student
course-student@test.edulinq.org	course-student	user	course101	Course 101	student
course-student@test.edulinq.org	course-student	user	course101-with-zero-limit	Course 101 - With Zero Limit	student
root	root	root			
server-admin@test.edulinq.org	server-admin	admin			
server-creator@test.edulinq.org	server-creator	creator			
server-owner@test.edulinq.org	server-owner	owner			
server-user@test.edulinq.org	server-user	user			
