# Development

This document contains some notes for any developers.

## Testing

This project has two main types of tests:
standard unit tests and server tests.
Server tests are then further divided into API and CLI tests.

There is not much to say about the standard unit tests.
They are made using Python's `unittest` library.

The server test are much more involved.
These tests will mock an [Autograder API server](https://github.com/edulinq/autograder-server) to send requests to.

### Running Tests

All tests can be run using the [scripts/run_tests.sh](../scripts/run_tests.sh) script:
```sh
./scripts/run_tests.sh
```

This script also accept an argument that is a Python regular expression.
Only tests that match the regular expression will be run.
For example, to only run CLI tests, you can use:
```sh
./scripts/run_tests.sh CLITest
```

### Server Tests

Server tests will mock an autograder server instance to submit requests against.
The core functionality is provided by the [edq.testing.httpserver](https://edulinq.github.io/python-utils/docs/latest/edq/testing/httpserver.html) module.
The general idea is that pre-generated test data is loaded at test time and any HTTP request that comes into the testing server is matched against this test data.
If the HTTP request matches one in the test data, then the pre-defined response is sent to the client (the test).
If there is no match, the server sends a 404.

The test data is provided by the [edqlinq/autograder-testdata](https://github.com/edulinq/autograder-testdata) repo.
This repo is included as a submodule of this project at [testdata/autograder-testdata](../testdata/autograder-testdata).
To generate this test data, we run the tests from this repository.
(I know this may sound confusing and circular at this point.)
When we generate the test data, we run the tests from this repository, BUT we do not use a test server.
Instead we start a real autograder server (using with a Docker image or building a sever from source),
and point all the tests at that server when running.
If an endpoint is called that may change the state on the server (the endpoint's module has `API_WRITE` set to true),
then the testing framework will restart the server after the call so that the server always stays in a pristine state.
As these tests are running, the testing framework saves all HTTP exchanges between the tests and the autograder server.
These saved HTTP exchanges are the test data used in this repository.

#### API Tests

We call any test that directly tests an API endpoint an "API test".
Aside from being server tests, they are not special.
They live in the `autograder.api` package, adjacent to the endpoint they are testing.

#### CLI Tests

CLI tests are a special kind of test specifically for testing CLI tools.
They are built upon the [edq.testing.cli](https://edulinq.github.io/python-utils/docs/latest/edq/testing/cli.html) module.
Tests are written as `.txt` files with configuration options in JSON in the top section (above `---`),
and the expected stdout/stderr in the bottom section.
They live in the [autograder/cli/testdata/tests](../autograder/cli/testdata/tests) directory.
This directory is searched and a test is automatically created from each file.

### Generating Server Test Data

As discussed above, test data for server tests need to live in the
[edqlinq/autograder-testdata](https://github.com/edulinq/autograder-testdata) repo.
There are many valid ways of getting data into that repo.
This section outlines one recommended way of doing so.

Step 0) Ensure your development directory is installed as "editable".

Your code that generates the test data will need access to the changes you are currently making.
An easy way to accomplish this is by using a shared virtual environment,
and installing your directory as an editable package.
You can do this with:
```sh
pip install -e .
```

This makes it so that other Python packages can see the changes you make.

Step 1) Write your code which calls the autograder.

Typically, you are doing more than just adding a test (e.g. adding an endpoint or fixing a bug).
Make sure that the code which will call the autograder is written.
(Note that it does not need to be complete, it just needs to call the server properly.)

Step 2) Create your tests.

Since test data is generated by running tests,
the first step in generating test data is creating the tests that will call the server to create your desired test data.
So just write your tests normally.
It's okay if your tests are failing/incomplete at this point.
As long as they call the server, the test data can be generated.

Step 3) Generate test data in the submodule.

Now, we will generate test data in the [testdata/autograder-testdata](../testdata/autograder-testdata) submodule.
I recommend navigating there in a different terminal (so you can switch back-and-forth).

The fastest way to generate the test data will require building the [autograder server](https://github.com/edulinq/autograder-server) locally.
This will require building a Go project.
If this works for you, you can run:
```sh
./scripts/local-generate-test-data.py --pattern my-test-pattern
```

Where `--pattern my-test-pattern` lets you specify a regular expression to just run the tests you need (your new tests you wrote in Step 2).
You can run without this option to execute all tests (but it will take longer).

If you can't build the server locally, then you can use Docker to run the server instead:
```sh
./scripts/docker-generate-test-data.py --pattern my-test-pattern
```

Whether the tests passed or not, you should have not generated some new test data in the `testdata/http` directory (the full repo path is `testdata/autograder-testdata/testdata/http`).
An easy way to check the new test data is to use a git status (assuming you kept your directory clean).

Step 4) Complete your code and iterate.

With your test data generated, you can now run your tests normally (using the [scripts/run_tests.sh](../scripts/run_tests.sh) script).
The tests will automatically load data from [testdata/autograder-testdata](../testdata/autograder-testdata).
So now you can complete your code/tests and repeat Step 3 as necessary until your development is complete.

If you are submitting a PR, now would be the time to do it.
You should double check that all your tests pass (since the PR's CI will show them failing during your reviews).

Step 5) Commit data to autograder-testdata.

Once everything is set with the code, we can update the data in the autograder-testdata repo.
Again, ensure that the changes to autograder-py are accessible, and then generate the full test data.
We typically don't do this in the submodule (since it will use an https vs an ssh git URL).

```sh
rm -r testdata/http
./scripts/local-generate-test-data.py
```

This data should be committed with `[skip ci]` included in the commit message to skip CI.
This helps break the circular dependency between autograder-py and autograder-testdata.

Step 6) Update the autograder-testdata submodule.

With the new test data in the autograder-testdata repo,
all that is left is to update autograder-testdata submodule and commit any final changes.
A `git pull` in the submodule should be sufficient (you may need to checkout the `main` branch first).

Now you can push submodule update and any other code.
